So, the first part of this is pretty simple.
If you don't have a LinkedIn account,
just follow the directions provided on the site and create your account.
If you've already created a Linkedin account,
log in to it to follow along.
The first thing you want to remember about profiles is that
the five main things that show up when others first see you are: your name,
your picture, your headline,
where you work, and your summary.
All five of these items are critical to selling
yourself and making that good first impression.
Your name should be good to go from the registration process as
long as you entered your real name in the registration form.
For your profile picture,
choose a professional photo that is clear and shows your face well.
A profile picture should showcase you.
If you have a brand you're marketing and you want to
use a logo instead of your profile picture,
it's better to create a LinkedIn company page for
that brand separate from your personal profile.
Your picture is the part of your profile where
you start setting yourself apart from others.
Avoid any photos that show you in compromising or unprofessional situations.
In other words, no photos of smoking or beat shots and so on.
The rule of thumb is would I do this in front of my new employer or in my new office.
Skipping ahead to where you work,
this should be filled in based on the experience section.
If you're transitioning positions or career fields, put that in here.
You can also put what career field you're trying to break into.
So, if you're enrolled in the Data Analysts Nanodegree program,
put Data Analysts Nanodegree student.
Now, let's move on to headline and summary sections.